I'm not the most popular guy in school
pretty good at math pretty much to know
every single problem there is in the
history of mathematics some people do
seem to like me wait no they don't
nobody really likes me at all who I do
mr. blue shirt yes Nick
the answer is the cosecant of the cube
root of the third derivative theta times
pi squared very good Nick thank you
thank you mister mister hey good job on
that hey thanks I mean I get paid on
everyone's wall and everything but you
know that's a cami grades before people
to talk to and friends and people that
don't serve me trash Ian yeah but I mean
it's okay i mean at least why my chest
on my buddies i mean they're pretty nice
hey everybody what's going on we can hug
them out oh my gosh loser just another
day hey this ray are you coming five
crimes I pick your books up well the
Tennessee molecule hello all seems Jason
um I like to play Dungeons and Dragons I
enjoy chest um no I don't really have a
social life outside of my home um I
guess you could say I'm a nerd but I beg
to differ i think i'm a pretty cool cat
go Star Trek my eye hey guys just
reading dictionary
huh easy
Oh
oh hi my name is Brian people say I
don't have too many friends but I so I
got like 400 friends on world of
warcraft everybody all over the world
knows my name yoda fan 98 I mean it's
pretty popular and people say that I'm
not very well known but I'm one of the
best yugioh players in the nation I've
got plenty of real friends too they just
like to play a little rough sometimes
you know I just play along let them have
their fun I mean that's what that's what
friendships about right yeah let's go
for us Richard what's up by owner 403
and once they started dancing everything
changed
ladies i give you guys have answers yeah
yeah sometimes so do you guys like a
want to go to a party this begin yes
definitely oh yeah yeah yeah accordion
associated with Abby and party okay see
you there high score whoo go ahead are
going through a pod look cool uh well I
could say the girls are up I've got
three different girls in each county
what do you say Jason I stay loyal to
only one um not i'm not saying that
because her brothers in the room at all
or because she's probably gonna be able
to see this but I Nick um I don't know I
I think ever since we started this dance
dancing project it's gone way up for us
like we don't watch Star Trek dirty
whores anymore well you up too much like
just you just got served young and
ratatouille stead up and first step up I
mean it's real good stuff you know it's
all about accepting who you are and not
that I heard any more we are not nursing
where we are i like i like it when
you're walking down the hallway and you
know somebody you've never met your
whole life comes up to you and says hey
you're really advancing and thank you
for that little treat no problem buddy
we joked a state